This page features MathJax technology to render mathematical formulae. If you are using a screen reader, please visit MathPlayer to download the plugin for your browser. Please note that this is an Internet Explorer-only plugin at this time.R Programming
Top Navigation BarCoursesJoseph P. Cannon
jhu
Signature Track
R Programming
by Roger D. Peng, PhD, Jeff Leek, PhD, Brian Caffo, PhD
Course Home Page
Search this course
 Search
Side Navigation Bar
Quick Questions15
Please help us improve this course by answering some quick questions!
Announcements
Course Book
WEEK-BY-WEEK

Week 1: Getting Started and R Nuts and Bolts
Week 2: Programming with R
Week 3: Loop Functions and Debugging
Week 4: Simulation and Profiling
LECTURES

Lecture Videos
Lecture Slides (link to GitHub) opens in new browser tab
EXERCISES

Quizzes
Programming Assignments 1, 3, & swirl
Programming Assignment 2
ABOUT THE COURSE

Syllabus
About the Instructor
COMMUNITY

DSS Community Site opens in new browser tab
Discussion Forums
Help Center
Feedback — Week 3 Quiz Help Center

Thank you. Your submission for this quiz was received.
You submitted this quiz on Wed 19 Aug 2015 9:57 PM CDT. You got a score of 5.00 out of 5.00.

Question 1
Take a look at the 'iris' dataset that comes with R. The data can be loaded with the code:
library(datasets)
data(iris)
A description of the dataset can be found by running
?iris
There will be an object called 'iris' in your workspace. In this dataset, what is the mean of 'Sepal.Length' for the species virginica? (Please only enter the numeric result and nothing else.)
Answer for Question 1
You entered:

6.588
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
6.588	Correct	1.00	To get the answer here, you can use 'tapply' to calculate the mean of 'Sepal.Length' within each species.
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 2
Continuing with the 'iris' dataset from the previous Question, what R code returns a vector of the means of the variables 'Sepal.Length', 'Sepal.Width', 'Petal.Length', and 'Petal.Width'?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
colMeans(iris)			
rowMeans(iris[, 1:4])			
apply(iris, 2, mean)			
apply(iris[, 1:4], 2, mean)	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 3
Load the 'mtcars' dataset in R with the following code
library(datasets)
data(mtcars)
There will be an object names 'mtcars' in your workspace. You can find some information about the dataset by running
?mtcars
How can one calculate the average miles per gallon (mpg) by number of cylinders in the car (cyl)?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
sapply(mtcars, cyl, mean)			
apply(mtcars, 2, mean)			
tapply(mtcars$mpg, mtcars$cyl, mean)	Correct	1.00	
lapply(mtcars, mean)			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 4
Continuing with the 'mtcars' dataset from the previous Question, what is the absolute difference between the average horsepower of 4-cylinder cars and the average horsepower of 8-cylinder cars?
Answer for Question 4
You entered:

126.5779
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
126.5779	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 5
If you run
debug(ls)
what happens when you next call the 'ls' function?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The 'ls' function will return an error.			
The 'ls' function will execute as usual.			
You will be prompted to specify at which line of the function you would like to suspend execution and enter the browser.			
Execution of 'ls' will suspend at the beginning of the function and you will be in the browser.	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
