This page features MathJax technology to render mathematical formulae. If you are using a screen reader, please visit MathPlayer to download the plugin for your browser. Please note that this is an Internet Explorer-only plugin at this time.Exploratory Data Analysis
Top Navigation BarCoursesJoseph P. Cannon
jhu
Signature Track
Exploratory Data Analysis
by Roger D. Peng, PhD, Jeff Leek, PhD, Brian Caffo, PhD
Course Home Page
Search this course
 Search
Side Navigation Bar
COURSE

Announcements
Course Books
Video Lectures
Discussion Forums
EXERCISES

Quizzes
Course Projects
swirl Exercises
ABOUT THE COURSE

Syllabus
About the Instructor
COMMUNITY

DSS Community Site opens in new browser tab
Help Center
Feedback — Week 1 Quiz Help Center

Thank you. Your submission for this quiz was received.
You submitted this quiz on Wed 9 Sep 2015 9:03 AM CDT. You got a score of 10.00 out of 10.00.

Question 1
Which of the following is a principle of analytic graphics?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Don't plot more than two variables at at time			
Show box plots (univariate summaries)			
Only do what your tools allow you to do			
Make judicious use of color in your scatterplots			
Show multivariate data	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 2
What is the role of exploratory graphs in data analysis?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Only a few are constructed.			
They are typically made very quickly.	Correct	1.00	
They are used in place of formal modeling.			
They are made for formal presentations.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 3
Which of the following is true about the base plotting system?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The system is most useful for conditioning plots			
Plots are created and annotated with separate functions	Correct	1.00	Functions like 'plot' or 'hist' typically create the plot on the graphics device and functions like 'lines', 'text', or 'points' will annotate or add data to the plot.
Plots are typically created with a single function call			
Margins and spacings are adjusted automatically depending on the type of plot and the data			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 4
Which of the following is an example of a valid graphics device in R?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
A socket connection			
A Microsoft Word document			
A PNG file	Correct	1.00	
The keyboard			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 5
Which of the following is an example of a vector graphics device in R?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
PNG			
SVG	Correct	1.00	
TIFF			
GIF			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 6
Bitmapped file formats can be most useful for
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Plots that require animation or interactivity			
Plots that may need to be resized			
Plots that are not scaled to a specific resolution			
Scatterplots with many many points	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 7
Which of the following functions is typically used to add elements to a plot in the base graphics system?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
hist()			
text()	Correct	1.00	
plot()			
boxplot()			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 8
Which function opens the screen graphics device for the Mac?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
bitmap()			
pdf()			
quartz()	Correct	1.00	
png()			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 9
What does the 'pch' option to par() control?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
the line width in the base graphics system			
the plotting symbol/character in the base graphics system	Correct	1.00	
the orientation of the axis labels on the plot			
the size of the plotting symbol in a scatterplot			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 10
If I want to save a plot to a PDF file, which of the following is a correct way of doing that?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Open the screen device with quartz(), construct the plot, and then close the device with dev.off().			
Open the PostScript device with postscript(), construct the plot, then close the device with dev.off().			
Construct the plot on the screen device and then copy it to a PDF file with dev.copy2pdf()	Correct	1.00	
Construct the plot on the PNG device with png(), then copy it to a PDF with dev.copy2pdf().			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
