Reproducible Analysis
× The "Data Science" Specialization Learn More
This page features MathJax technology to render mathematical formulae. If you are using a screen reader, please visit MathPlayer to download the plugin for your browser. Please note that this is an Internet Explorer-only plugin at this time.Reproducible Research
Top Navigation BarCoursesJoseph P. Cannon
jhu
Join Signature Track
1 week and 9 hours left
Reproducible Research
by Roger D. Peng, PhD, Jeff Leek, PhD, Brian Caffo, PhD
Course Home Page
Search this course
 Search
Side Navigation Bar
Announcements
Course Books
WEEK-BY-WEEK

Week 1: Concepts
Week 2: Tools
Week 3: Distribution and Checklist
Week 4: Case Studies
LECTURES

Lecture Videos
Lecture Slides (link to GitHub) opens in new browser tab
EXERCISES

Quizzes
Peer Assessments 1 & 2
ABOUT THE COURSE

Syllabus
About the Instructor
COMMUNITY

Discussion Forums
DSS Community Site opens in new browser tab
Help Center
Feedback — Week 1 Quiz Help Center

You submitted this quiz on Thu 8 Oct 2015 9:46 AM CDT. You got a score of 10.00 out of 10.00.

Question 1
Suppose I conduct a study and publish my findings. Which of the following is an example of a replication of my study?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
I take my own data, analyze it again, and publish new findings.			
An investigator at another institution conducts a study addressing the same question, collects her own data, analyzes it separately from me, and publishes her own findings.	Correct	1.00	
An investigator at another institution conducts a study addressing a different scientific question and publishes her findings.			
I give my data to an independent investigator at another institution, she analyzes the data and gets the same results as I originally obtained.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 2
Which of the following is a requirement for a published data analysis to be reproducible?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The full computer code for doing the data analysis is made publicly available.	Correct	1.00	
The data analysis is conducted using R.			
The analysis is conducted on a variant of the Unix operating system.			
The investigator's final publication is made available free of charge.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 3
Which of the following is an example of a reproducible study?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The study's original authors re-run their computer code on their analytic data and confirm publicly that the findings match those of the published results.			
The study's analytic data and computer code for the data analysis are publicly available. When the code is run on the analytic data, the findings are identical to the published results.	Correct	1.00	
The study's analytic data and computer code are not publicly available, but the study was simple enough to be repeated by an independent investigator.			
The study's analytic data are publicly available, but the computer code is not.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 4
Which of the following is a reason that a study might NOT be fully replicated?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The original study was published in a high impact journal and is considered authoritative.			
The original study was conducted by a well-known investigator.			
The original study was very expensive and there is no money to repeat it in a different setting.	Correct	1.00	
The original study had null findings.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 5
Which of the following is a reason why publishing reproducible research is increasingly important?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
The statistical methods for most studies can be accurately described using plain language.			
Computing power is limited today, making it difficult to apply sophisticated statistical methods.			
New technologies are increasing the rate of data collection, creating datasets that are more complex and extremely high dimensional.	Correct	1.00	
Most studies today are small-scale and easily replicated.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 6
What is the role of processing code in the research pipeline?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
It transforms the measured data into analytic data.	Correct	1.00	
It transforms the computational results into figures and tables.			
It transforms the analytic data into computational results.			
It conducts the statistical analysis of the primary outcome.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 7
Which is a goal of literate statistical programming?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Separate figures and tables from other data analytic summaries.			
Combine explanatory text and data analysis code in a single document.	Correct	1.00	
Ensure that data analysis documents are always exported in PDF format.			
Require that data analysis summaries are always written in LaTeX.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 8
What does it mean to weave a literate statistical program?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
Transform a literate program from R to python.			
Transform the literate program into a machine readable code file.			
Compress the literate program so that it takes up less space.			
Transform the literate program into a human readable document.	Correct	1.00	
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 9
Which of the following is required to implement a literate programming system?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
A program that views PDF files.			
A documentation language like LaTeX.	Correct	1.00	
A web server for publishing documents.			
A cloud-based computing service for running computations.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
Question 10
What is one way in which the knitr system differs from Sweave?
Your Answer		Score	Explanation
knitr allows for the use of markdown instead of LaTeX.	Correct	1.00	
knitr was developed by Friedrich Leisch.			
knitr is written in python instead of R.			
knitr lacks features like caching of code chunks.			
Total		1.00 / 1.00	
